ACL for mcs (#123)
minio/mcs: README.md

$ mc admin policy set myminio mcsAdmin user=mcs
```

### Note

> If you want to create a policy for `mcs` with limited privileges, ie `with access only to dashboard, buckets, notifications

Reviewer: I think this note is nice but might confuse the users among the difference of the `mcsUser` and a regular `user`

Reviewer 2: I think we can change it for:

```suggestion
Additionally, you can create policies to limit the privileges for `mcs` users, for example, if you want the user to only have access to dashboard, buckets, notifications and watch page, the policy should look like this:
```
